docs: add Pub/Sub section to README (#398)
valkey-io/valkey-swift: README.md

}
```

#### Subscriptions (Pub/Sub)

> Subscribe to one or more channels and process messages as an async sequence. When the closure exits, the client automatically unsubscribes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to one or more channels and process messages as an AsyncSequence. When the closure exits, the client automatically unsubscribes.
```

Author: Thank you so much, Adam!

}
```

#### Subscriptions (Pub/Sub)

Subscribe to one or more channels and process messages as an async sequence. When the closure exits, the client automatically unsubscribes.

```swift
try await valkeyClient.subscribe(to: "notifications") { stream in
    for try await message in stream {
        print("Received: \(message.message)")
    }
}

When you subscribe from a `ValkeyClient`, the subscription runs on a dedicated connection, kept separate from the connection pool used for every other command. Because of this, you can publish and run other commands on the *same* client while a subscription is active, the client manages the two connections for you.

```swift
// The client keeps subscribe and publish on separate connections automatically.
try await valkeyClient.publish(channel: "notifications", message: "hello")
```

> > **Note:** In Valkey (as in Redis), a connection in subscribe mode cannot issue most other commands, which traditionally means opening a second connection to publish. `ValkeyClient` handles this transparently by keeping the subscription on its own connection.

Reviewer: This is only the case for the RESP2 protocol. Valkey-swift uses RESP3 which can run subscriptions and commands on the same connection. The reason for subscriptions running on a dedicated connection is they are long running and can hold a connection for a long time. Thus it is better to group them to run on one connection and not use multiple connections.

Author: Thanks @adam-fowler! You're right, it's RESP3. I've updated the Note to explain the dedicated connection as a design choice for long-running subscriptions. Happy to remove it entirely if you feel it adds more confusion than clarity, just let me know.

> > **Note:** In Valkey (as in Redis), a connection in subscribe mode cannot issue most other commands, which traditionally means opening a second connection to publish. `ValkeyClient` handles this transparently by keeping the subscription on its own connection.

Reviewer 2: What @adam-fowler said, but I would replace 'traditionally' with 'in many other clients'

Author: Thanks  @stockholmux , I also updated that part.
